+++
title = 'Been a while'
date = 2024-08-12T18:32:38+01:00
draft = false
readTime = true
+++

Phew! Time does indeed fly.

### Nostalgia

I have been away from writing (publicly), but it felt like I only paused yesterday.

Taking a look at my most recent post here and realising it was written about 9 years ago. And on [my medium page](https://medium.com/@abiosoft), the most recent article over there is also a while back and over 6 years old.

Long enough to have to recall from a faint memory that I have an article published for [Google Cloud](https://medium.com/google-cloud/google-cloud-shell-the-free-playground-b5ab4793224)
and [HackerNoon](https://medium.com/hackernoon/owning-a-chromebook-6a364c87d830).

Another article that brought back some memories is [It breaks on my machine](https://medium.com/@abiosoft/it-breaks-on-my-machine-d0d5a1809434).
I have totally forgotten I wrote anything like that.

### Life happens

Time becomes more and more restricted as you navigate through life and get more reponsibilities.

And not many things would be tougher than finding free time[^1] for non-essential hobbies, of which writing
personal tech articles is one.

### Refreshed blog

This blog has gotten a facelift with a simpler and more direct user interface, in preparation for what is to come.

It took a while to find a satisfactory minimalistic theme with dark mode support.

### The days ahead

The landscape in software and cloud engineering has changed significantly over the last decade.

There are a number of ideas on my list that should get me back to writing soon and more frequently.

Stay tuned!


[^1]: I do not agree with the concept of free time as it is normally understood. It is not free but rather unplanned.
